refactor: keep tags lowercase (#15116)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/index.md

HTML uses "markup" to annotate text, images, and other content for display in a Web browser. HTML markup includes special "elements" such as {{HTMLElement("head")}}, {{HTMLElement("title")}}, {{HTMLElement("body")}}, {{HTMLElement("header")}}, {{HTMLElement("footer")}}, {{HTMLElement("article")}}, {{HTMLElement("section")}}, {{HTMLElement("p")}}, {{HTMLElement("div")}}, {{HTMLElement("span")}}, {{HTMLElement("img")}}, {{HTMLElement("aside")}}, {{HTMLElement("audio")}}, {{HTMLElement("canvas")}}, {{HTMLElement("datalist")}}, {{HTMLElement("details")}}, {{HTMLElement("embed")}}, {{HTMLElement("nav")}}, {{HTMLElement("output")}}, {{HTMLElement("progress")}}, {{HTMLElement("video")}}, {{HTMLElement("ul")}}, {{HTMLElement("ol")}}, {{HTMLElement("li")}} and many others.

> An HTML element is set off from other text in a document by "tags", which consist of the element name surrounded by "`<`" and "`>`".  The name of an element inside a tag is case insensitive. That is, it can be written in uppercase, lowercase, or a mixture. For example, the `<title>` tag can be written as `<Title>`, `<TITLE>`, or in any other way. However, it is best practice to keep tags lowercase because it is easier to read and maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the convention and recommended practice is to write tags in lowercase.
```
I would suggest to rewrite the sentence slightly plus to add a period at the end.

> An HTML element is set off from other text in a document by "tags", which consist of the element name surrounded by "`<`" and "`>`".  The name of an element inside a tag is case insensitive. That is, it can be written in uppercase, lowercase, or a mixture. For example, the `<title>` tag can be written as `<Title>`, `<TITLE>`, or in any other way. However, it is best practice to keep tags lowercase because it is easier to read and maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTML element is set off from other text in a document by "tags", which consist of the element name surrounded by "`<`" and "`>`".  The name of an element inside a tag is case insensitive. That is, it can be written in uppercase, lowercase, or a mixture. For example, the `<title>` tag can be written as `<Title>`, `<TITLE>`, or in any other way. However, the convention and recommended practice is to write tags in lowercase.
```
I would suggest to rewrite the sentence slightly (plus add a period at the end).
